docs: clarify app database configuration with recovery (#5167)
cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg: docs/src/bootstrap.md

      name: cluster-example-ca
      key: ca.crt
```

#### Configure the application database

We also support to configure the application database for cluster which bootstrap
from a live cluster, just like the case of `initdb` and  `recovery` bootstrap method.
If the new cluster is created as a replica cluster (with replica mode enabled), application
database configuration will be skipped.

!!! Important
    While the `Cluster` is in recovery mode, no changes to the database,
    including the catalog, are permitted. This restriction includes any role
    overrides, which are deferred until the `Cluster` transitions to primary.

>     During this phase, users remain as defined in the source cluster.

Reviewer: I'd be explicit about "this" here. Also, "roles" to be consistent with what we say further down.
```suggestion
    During the recovery phase, roles remain as defined in the source cluster.
```
